Module four, welcome.
We got video topic and title strategy.
This is where you're gonna learn how to find winning topics
and how to craft clickable titles.
So to start with actually finding video
ideas, don't reinvent the wheel.
It's pretty simple. Uh,
let your competitors do the research for you.
Um, of course you may have already had this
thought in your mind, maybe not.
You might be thinking, well, what about the first
competitor to go into a niche?
You know, they're not doing this
because they had nobody else to copy.
And you're completely right.
Some people have other strategies.
And same way, um, if you're day trading for example,
or same way you're doing any business model,
there's different approaches.
And this approach, I,
and I, I've put this right hand to God,
I have monetized more than 20 YouTube channels in the
last, um, four years.
And more than half of those have been in the last six
to eight months alone.
Um, ever since the AI boom
and doing so, I didn't just get like 20
something channels monetized.
And when I say more than 20, I mean more than 20.
It's, I, I honestly stopped counting once I got to 20.
It's either 22, 23, somewhere around there.
And with that amount of channels, I have made, uh,
over a million dollars, uh, just from YouTube.
And that doesn't include anything I made on Snapchat
or anywhere else on social media.
And the great thing about learning this scale, by the way,
is that you can pretty much take this
and apply this to any other social platform.
Or if any new platform comes out in the future,
you can take a lot of what you learn here,
not exactly one-to-one,
but you'll have a big headstart on
other people if you know this stuff.
So this is also a good skill to just have in your arsenal,
especially the way that the world is evolving
and the way that more social medias are coming out.
More people are just being like on their phone all day.
But let me tell you, every single time I'd be on a channel
monetize, I just completely copied somebody else.
Um, and I just had to learn which channels
to copy and which to not.
And I have tried a few times to create my own niche.
I'd say I've probably tried around five times or so.
Um, and I'll just be straight up.
I've tried based on doing like, um, similar niches
and I'm like, oh, I have a great idea.
Or I think something would be entertaining
or, I have a passion about this.
I've done all of the above of what I just said.
And, uh, not one of those channels even got monetized.
Um, and at this point where I'm at right now,
I'd say I typically, if I start four channels,
I would typically get three monetized.
That's pretty typical for me at this point.
Um, except I don't start channels all too often.
I start one right now around one,
uh, every one or two months.
And yes, even me running multiple channels right now.
I'm not saying, by the way, just to clarify,
I'm not running more than 20 channels.
I've monetized over 20, uh,
a large majority of those have died.
But even with active channels running,
I niche research just about every single day.
I'm not gonna sit here and lie and say, do it every day.
Even just like two months ago, I,
I still was doing every day.
I kind of slowed down now and I'm doing it more so like, uh,
three or four days a week.
But when I do, I spend one to two hours.
Um, but yeah, for 99% of you,
like realistically you shouldn't
Stop doing daily niche research
unless you are making an amount
where you're like completely comfortable where you're like,
I don't need to necessarily make more.
And I'm very happy with, uh, where I'm already at.
Uh, obviously most people would wanna make more,
but you know, sometimes they need a break anyways.
It just takes me back to my point. Don't reinvent the wheel.
Let your competitors do the research for you.
This is the method we teach here.
Uh, it is the method that everybody
that you've seen success stories
for in this community has followed.
Um, and yeah,
obviously whoever's starting the niche is using a different
method, but this method works so, so efficiently.
Uh, that, that, that's the one I've teach, uh,
that I'm teaching because
that's the one I've had literally 100% of my success with.
Same with Adier, same with all the success stories
that you've seen come from this community
because they learned using this method.
Number two, find their outlier videos.
Now, what are outlier videos? They outlier videos are
not their most popular.
So it's written here, but sort their videos on YouTube
by recent, not by popular, right?
Identify which recent videos have the most views
relative to the other content.
Now I actually wanna pull up some sort
of example for you guys.
So here's just a random channel.
I found crayon capital, and if I sort by latest,
the latest video has 60 K views.
The next one has two 60, next one has three 70,
next one has two 90, this one has 2.7 million.
You can kind of just see the numbers here.
Now, when I go to copy his videos,
I wouldn't copy his most popular video normally.
Like, let's, let's, let's assume this 2008 one is
his most popular one.
I wouldn't copy it just as 'cause it's his most popular.
I need, uh, find the outlier video.
So this one has 60 k, this one has 2 63, 7300.
So it seems like he's getting, look, two 70.
We're not gonna count as latest video.
I typically don't, don't count the latest video, uh,
in their, you know, view count and whatnot.
'cause it's their latest video. It's still building up.
This video has here has two 70,
this one has three 80, this one has two 90.
This is what I'm talking about, consistent view count here.
This is, uh, a good consistency of view count.
Um, so these three did just around the same.
This one did a little bit better,
but not enough to where I'd consider it an outlier.
And if you look at his next video, boom, 2.7 million views
and then one 60 and then 1.9.
And what's actually interesting here is you can notice the
great de, uh, depression explained, like you're five,
the Wolf of Wall Street scam explained like you're five.
So people like this explain like your five thing, uh,
clearly, but either way, this would be his outlier video.
Now, in this case, this channel only has 13 videos.
So their outlier video is actually
also their most popular video, which is definitely possible.
But like I said, let's assume these numbers are switched.
Let's assume this is 1.7 million
and this is the 2.7 million one.
I would still copy this one as my first video
because this one recently did the best compared
to his latest, right, surrounded by 200 K, 300 K, 300 K,
and a little less than 200 k.
And then in between the, let's say, let's say these are all
around 300 K and we have 200 K here,
it's a 2.7 million view video sandwiched between those.
So that's the outlier video. So that'd be the first
Video that I would do on my channel.
Now you need a number three check for uniqueness.
Does this topic appear only once in your niche pool?
Because keep in mind,
most niches you'll have multiple competitors, not just one.
Sometimes it can happen where there's just one.
But let's say there's three competitors.
I would then go to the other two channels
and see did the other two guys do it?
If the other two guys did it, then
that's not necessarily a good sign.
If nobody else did it, then I would copy it.
Exactly same title, same video topic.
If multiple channels covered it, then modify it slightly,
which is like, kind of like sub niche swap up
for the topic instead of the niche
or just move on to their second outlier video.
Or until you're at a point
where you either wanna sub niche swap the topic,
which it's not actually a sub niche swap
'cause it, it's not the niche, but you know what I'm saying,
just change the topic a little bit.
But the thing is, if multiple channels covered it
and they all did well, meaning they were all allied, let's,
let's say on all three channels there was an outlier video
for all three of their channels, then do it as well.
It's clearly still a topic that works.
Let's say three channels did it,
but it's an outlier video for two of the channels, then
that's not necessarily proof of concept anymore
because the third channel it didn't blow up for.
Um, so that's when I wouldn't do it.
So only one competitor did it, did that topic then copy it.
Uh, if multiple did it
and they all, every single person that did it had that
as an outlier video, then copy it.
Uh, and if multiple people did it
and some of them had it as an outlier
and some of them didn't, or none of them had an out
as an outlier except the, uh, first competitor, then that's
what you need to modify the topic slightly
or just do a different topic altogether.
Now the title strategy is pretty simple.
Copy your competitor's title exactly.
Uh, you'll not believe how many video titles.
I mean at this point for all
of my channels, I don't manage them anymore.
So I don't actually even upload the videos.
Uh, I have a team for that.
However, of course,
when I started in my first multiple channels,
I was the one uploading the videos.
Um, and you will not believe
how many times my title was Control C, control V.
And if you don't know what control C is,
I just copy on your keyboard.
Control V is paste.
So I would just straight up copy and paste the title.
I wouldn't, when I go to the YouTube title,
I wouldn't even type it in.
I would, I was so like, okay, I need to copy this one-to-one
to the extent where I wouldn't even like retype it.
I would copy and paste it. Um, so yes, one-to-one copy.
If it worked for them, it will work for you.
Clearly YouTube read the title
and learned which audience to push it out to.
So why change the title? Don't try to be creative here.
It's totally unnecessary. Next, don't plan ahead.
Don't try and plan multiple videos in in advance, right?
Um, and when I'm saying this, I'm
talking about for your first few videos.
Once your channels are ready doing
well, you can start to do this.
But I'm talking about when you first plan your cha, uh,
like create your channel, right?
You wanna upload your first video.
The best competitor to look at
to base your video topics on is actually yourself.
Notice how the channel we just looked at,
they had the explain like your five
and he did it once, it did well.
So he did it again. He copied
himself instead of somebody else.
Uh, because your audience is your audience, right?
Your audience and the competitor can be 99% similar.
But guess what? Your own audience
to your own audience is 100% the same.
'cause it's your audience. If your first video does well
create a variation of the topic.
If it doesn't, then you know,
go back back to finding new ideas.
Just restart this cycle for your next videos.
And the thing is, is this is really important to understand
because if you go ahead
and you, uh, find multiple outlier video,
or you find an outlier video and create multiple variations
in advance, and then the first one doesn't do well,
well now you're stuck wasting time
or money on other videos that you just didn't need
to waste time or money on.
I mean, I, I, I think that's pretty easily said.
I don't wanna create like a whole
yapping segment about this.
'cause I think that's a pretty simple concept to understand.
So when you're first starting your channel,
try doing one video at a time and see how it performs.
Um, typically your first few videos
might not get impressions immediately.
So for your first few videos, maybe do different topics
and then based on which one does the best create a
variation from there.
Like I said, if you're uploading, uh, less than one, uh,
less than daily, then within three to five videos,
maybe your first three to five videos, that's fine.
Um, but I would still test your first video just
to see if it gets impressions,
because it's possible for it to get impressions immediately.
And if it does, then you can already understand whether you
should copy that topic and do like a different variation
or if you should do a new one.
Um, or if it's not getting impressions, then
that's when you would just be like, okay,
well I don't have enough data yet and just do the next topic
and keep doing that until you have enough data.
But once you have enough data, that gives you a lot
to understand, um, on if you should create a variation
of the topic or if you should go back to finding new ideas.
And that's gonna be it for this module.
Next thing is going to be thumbnails.